Forge Standard Library docs (#207)
foundry-rs/book: src/reference/forge-std/enumConversionError.md

## `enumConversionError`

### Signature

```solidity
stdError.enumConversionError
```

### Description

> The error when a number does not exist in an `enum`.

Reviewer: More precise

```suggestion
The internal Solidity error when trying to convert a number to a variant of an enum, if the number is larger than the number of variants in the enum.
```
